Update Release notes for 1.8.2505 (#7481)
microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

SM 6.9 Preview Additions:

- Long vectors are allowed in HLSL when targeting shader model 6.9. Vectors up to 1024 elements in length can be loaded from/stored to raw buffers and used in elementwise operations. See the [long vector proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0026-hlsl-long-vector-type.md) for more details.
- HLSL Vectors are still limited to a maximum of 4 elements when used in certain contexts:
  - entry function inputs/outputs
  - parameter, payload, attribute, and node record types for mesh, raytracing, and node shaders
  - constant buffers (cbuffer), texture buffers (tbuffer), textures and typed buffers
  - Note: some HLSL elementwise intrinsics do not yet support long vectors in this preview
- Native vectors of up to 1024 elements are now present in DXIL. This includes vector llvm instructions, load/store, and various elementwise DXIL operations. This may result in smaller DXIL and potentially other performance improvements. See the [dxil vectors proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0030-dxil-vectors.md) for more details.

> - New Linear Algebra (LinAlg) operations (a.k.a. Cooperative Vectors). See the [cooperative vectors proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0029-cooperative-vector.md) and the [HLSL header based API proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0031-hlsl-vector-matrix-operations.md) for more details.

Reviewer: It's my understanding that linear algebra is a superset of cooperative vectors rather than an aka. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
- Coopertive Vectors, a new set of Linear Algebra (LinAlg) operations. See the [cooperative vectors proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0029-cooperative-vector.md) and the [HLSL header based API proposal](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0031-hlsl-vector-matrix-operations.md) for more details.
```

  - New built-in operations are added for multiplying long vectors with a matrix in a ByteAddressBuffer, optionally with accumulation and bias data, as well as outer product and vector accumulate operations.
  - An HLSL header shipped with this release provides a more convenient API for using these built-in operations.

> - Support for [Opacity Micromaps](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0024-opacity-micromaps.md) in DXR shaders as well as for RayQuery.
> - Support for [Shader Execution Reordering](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0027-shader-execution-reordering.md) in DXR shaders.

Reviewer: It feels like we are either overexplaining long vectors or underexplaining these features. Here's my quick attempt at balancing them a bit more:

```suggestion
- Support for [Opacity Micromaps](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0024-opacity-micromaps.md) in DXR shaders as well as for RayQuery
  - Allows trivially classifying ray triangle hits as hit or miss without invoking an any-hit shader.
- Support for [Shader Execution Reordering](https://github.com/microsoft/hlsl-specs/blob/main/proposals/0027-shader-execution-reordering.md) in ray generation shaders 
  - Introduces `MaybeReorderThread()` to explicitly specify where and how shader execution coherence can be improved. 
  - Decouples traversal, intersection testing and anyhit shading from closesthit and miss shading with `HitObject` to give thread reordering more oportunities to improve coherence.
```

Author: I had that thought about ray generation shaders, but HitObjects are actually usable in raygeneration, closesthit, and miss shaders.  Actual reordering is limited to raygeneration though.  Seemed simpler to say DXR shaders.  Maybe update the wording and I'll accept the suggestion?
